# Motivation Application


## Project:

Motivation is what drive us to excel in many thing. With enough motivation, mankind can achieve stunning development in many aspects of life. Most of technological advancement was done due to need to strengthen military forces as survival is best motivation. Nowadays, people often lose motivation quickly making improvement slows down. I discovered another way of keeping this motivation high. Humans always love challenges. This is found often in games which is about task you are assigned to do with a challenges. The harder the challenge is, the more engaged are the people who play this game. Therefore, why can I introduce a challenge to myself to excel ? I found that commitment can be achieved by making streak of working days on same topic for instance, I want to learn English , improve my mindset and learn coding in addition to learning fields like Embedded System and Front-end development. Time table is great idea but what will help me stick to this time table ? Only streak system will do. I found that when I committed myself to praying , learning English using Duolingo and use Elevated app day by day. Humans love to preserve things what if these things was a streak, meaningless but help achieve high level skills. So, I decided to work on project which is an GUI Application programmed using C++ which track streak and give  visual reward as streak reach certain numbers. Data will be saved in txt file locally in the device which will act as backend to this project. No internet connection is need just read date from device and save it in txt file and process it.